Change Partner guide to Platform integration guide (#3623)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/platform-integration-get-started.md

  - **compute time**: Cap CPU usage based on the plan your customers choose.
  - **data transfer**: Set limits for data transfer (egress) on each usage plan.

    <Admonition type="tip" title="platform integration example">

>     For an example of how a platform integration defined usage limits based on _database instance types_, see [Koyeb Database Instance Types](https://www.koyeb.com/docs/databases#database-instance-types). You will see limits defined on compute size, compute time, stored data, written data, and egress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For an example of how one integrator of Neon defined usage limits based on _database instance types_, see [Koyeb Database Instance Types](https://www.koyeb.com/docs/databases#database-instance-types). You will see limits defined on compute size, compute time, stored data, written data, and egress.
```

- **Polling consumption data for usage reporting and billing**: Refer to our [Consumption polling FAQ](/docs/guides/consumption-metrics#consumption-polling-faq).
- **Custom names for roles and databases**: When creating projects using the [Create project API](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/createproject), you can customize the default role and database names.
- **Reserved names for roles and databases**: Neon reserves certain names for Postgres roles and databases. Users will not be able to use these reserved names when creating roles and databases. For more information, see [Reserved role names](/docs/manage/roles#reserved-role-names) and [Reserved database names](/docs/manage/databases#reserved-database-names).
- **Postgres extension support**: We frequently receive questions about the Postgres extensions supported by Neon. See the list of [Supported Postgres extensions](/docs/extensions/pg-extensions) that Neon currently supports.

> - **Staying up to date with changes to the Neon platform**: We make every effort to proactively and directly inform platform integrations about updates and changes that could impact their business. In addition, you can monitor the following sources for information about the latest updates from Neon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Staying up to date with changes to the Neon platform**: We make every effort to proactively and directly inform integrators of Neon about updates and changes that could impact their business. In addition, you can monitor the following sources for information about the latest updates from Neon:
```

## Integration support

> We're here to support you through every step of your integration. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to our [Support team](/docs/introduction/support). If you've set up a platform integration arrangement with Neon, you can also contact your Neon platform integration representative.ive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're here to support you through every step of your integration. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to our [Support team](/docs/introduction/support). If you've set up an integration arrangement with Neon, you can also contact your Neon platform integration representative.ive.
```
